The clouds seemed to take on an erie glow as if illuminated by some sort of spectral enchantment. As she looked up to the sky in lamenting she thought to herself 'Looks like it is goina rain again'. With one quick gesture she flipped her hoodie to abide the drizzle; hiding her blue tufts of hair as if some sort of peacock swallowed by sweatshirt. Hurrying her pace now to avoid the incoming spattering of raindrops, her footsteps became more resounding – thundering boots on concrete to let all of the droplets know who is in charge.

I always knew her for her true form. She could never hide her gossamer wings from me. Tucked under her dark leather jacket, I know there is really a sword strapped to her back.

The rain started more violently than she had expected. "Fuck!" she whined as if cursing the clouds would make them retract their moisture in a recoil of being struck by her words. As she entered her work the cold rain felt like an icy cold bucket of water had been poured over her. 

"At least it is dry now". 

I could never help my self but to be amazed by her capability of being beautiful even in the most dreary of days. I often day-dreamed of her slaying evil goblins attempting to attack her time. Hordes piled at her feet and blood dripping from her blade.

The day seemed to be fraught with distraction. Rain beat against the windows. The downpour must of had some sort of magical component that not only washed away the grit of the city but also dilated space and time. Work seemed to take forever to do. Every few minutes she looked up from her laptop and stared longingly at the window, waiting for the moment the sun would shine again.

Little did she know, but I secretly was just as distracted. Not by the rain pelting the glass but by the subtile way she tilted her head to move her bangs from her eyes. I admit that my fascination was probably a bit idealistic, but I didn't care. I had come to realize that beauty was meant to be enjoyed even if quietly from a far.

As work came to a close the rain had since stopped. Somehow the clouds had snuck away, presumably they had gone home well before she realized it was late. But along with the overcast sky, so had the sun slipped into darkness. She reached for her jacket, still damp with the morning showers. She paused at the door...

I looked up from my screen just in time.

"Goodnight" she said.

"'Night"

As she stepped out the door, the world dropped out from under her feet. The buildings melted away into ruins of ancient castles and the asphalt burgeoned forth moss and cobblestones of a long forgotten road. The city glow faded out like someone had flipped a switch to the rest of the universe. Past the flickering of torches that once used to be street lights writhed with barely perceptible motion in the inky blackness. She landed one boot from off of the singular remaining bit of the past reality onto the ground. The leaves crumpled in agony. This time the adversaries knew who was in charge; the creatures in the darkness skittered away fearfully of her razor edge meeting them in battle.

"COWARDS!" she screamed. Only a sanguine recompense would only do. The demons strangely were encouraged by her taunt. They seemingly knew that it was their purpose in life to be slain. As they lunged forth from beyond the light, her wings unfurled from their hiding place, almost as if they had a mind of their own and had been imprisoned for the duration of the day. Long milky white features caught the air as she stretched, raising her sword in preparation for battle.

Even though I knew she bore a weapon of divine retribution, her soul was gentile. Every word she spoke was kind and thoughtful. Perhaps it was repentance that drove her. But for what? What could she be guilty of? I could never fathom.

Her blade met the tough hides of her attackers. Swing after swing she dismembered the demons like a butcher cleaving meat. Laying before her was the result of her bloodlust. She stood nearly breathless after the exhaustion with her enemies blood spattered on her previously pristine feathers. If the corpses of the demons were not present it would have easily mistaken for pitch from the torches. 

As she recovered from the exhilaration she took a moment to tally her score. The heavens decided to honor her battle by bestowing rain again. This time she looked up not in lamentation but in revelation; the rain came to absolve her of any traces of the battle.

Even though by day no one could ever see her wings and no one could ever see her blade, I always knew her for her true form. 